SELECT aud_obs.[ID],aud_obs.[AuditProgramID],aud_obs.[AuditID] ,[ObservationID],[Class],[Observation] ,[Reference] ,aud_obs.[CategoryID],[Description] ,aud_obs.[EnteredBy] as CreatedBy,FORMAT(aud_obs.[EnteredDt], 'dd-MMM-yyyy HH:mm') as CreatedDate,aud_obs.[UpdatedBy] ,aud_obs.[UpdatedDt],
			aud_prg.StartDate as StartDate,aud_prg.EndDate as EndDate,Cat.CategoryName as Category,Status
  FROM [dbo].[AuditObservation] aud_obs inner join dbo.AuditProgram aud_prg on aud_obs.AuditProgramID = aud_prg.ID
  	left join [Category] Cat on aud_obs.[CategoryID]= Cat.ID
  where aud_prg.StartDate is not null and 
  aud_prg.EndDate is not null  and aud_prg.Syncoperation <> 'D' and aud_obs.Syncoperation <> 'D'
		
What is that one thing which initiates the smile on your face instantly? Is it the fragrance of the Mogra flower which spreads as the flower selling vendor carrier it from the compartment in the train? Is it watching the bird expand his wings, leaping forward and flying in the sky? Is the stray cat peacfully sleeing on the staircase while you are rushing to board the train? Is it the notification message from your favourite person? Is it the announcement of your favourite's show new season? Is it the drizzle that makes you smile as you look up at the sky with gratitude? Is it the aroma of your favourite food that excites your inner soul? Is it the melody of the song you have been tuning your head in and singing the lyrics silently along the way? Is it to see your parents talking about your childhood memory? Is it the time when you see your mom secretly calling you to show you the thing she bought for you? Is it the photograph that can't let you contain your smile? Or the solance which is comforting the most?

I feels beyond peace when the fine sand particle stuck to your feet are taken away by the sea wave, yes it is sorrowful that the wave has gone back to the sea but it's for the time being it has an entire process in loop when it stikes your feet and takes back the crustacion life with it. The sound of the waves classing and they row bak and forth is the natures song, lively and calming all the emotions welhming up at the same time. The richness of the scene is beyound compare the sunset, people walking on the sand, the distant voice of the seagull, the solace when watching the sunset over the horizon. It's the feeling which can be depicted easily in few words because it is about the moment, the more you embrase it the more it is engraved in your memory. Then a voice calls your name telling you to step back into the chaotic reality and cherish the relaxing movement for a lifetime knowing you will watch sunset on the beach all the time but the experience would differ everytime. 

There are a few complains that I have encountered from all the human being who know me, No caps but it is a ongoing process on how to bahave around other human since Nineteen Ninty Seven. I am not lying when I tell you I least interact with other person, until there is anything i'm curious about. I would just smile to show i'm not harmful and psycho but a layman. I know you all must be wondering why is she writing all this, who asked? Then it's better to talk when I'm still human it's more creppier to answer just yes and no on the ouvija board, i'm no james wan movie material. If i truly wish for anything then it is to not be born again on this earth. Whatever pain I have caused to the people near me or far from me just punish me here, additionally can continue in hell, no worries. From which so ever angle you see communication and specifically speaking with people is my biggest limitation. Overcoming it would mean summing the Mt. Everest for me in terms of life goal.

There are worst way to feel embarresed and stressed but the most common is when you find yourself in a compromised position, and no i'm not talking about what you are thinking, it's being the one common person people use to communicate between groups. Yes, that person who is not talked about much and even exceling in inter group communication is exactly worst in it. The person choice power escalates from fewer option to choose only one option and eventually seen following the crowd. The person who thinks he knows everyone but has the least knowledge on the situation. There is a slightest difference and the dynamics change have impacted threefold. The one who brasses the impact can they be considered, it's only too late to change their position among the peer. Else this would not be written.

It is an urge you all might have come across a site where you have to take your cell phone and click the snap capture the moment you are witnessing, it could be of the sea view from the Vashi-Mankurd bridge, it could be the aeroplane flying across the sky, the crowd waiting impatiently for the train on the platform, the cat feeding her young ones, the pounding rain in the vast view, the iconic monument you came across, the people in your train compartment, the essesnce of the festival celebrated across india, the rivers, the mountains, the animals, the organisms, the flowers, the bird, everything.

I have always wondered why my father would barely take leave even when he has them stacked up, couldn't attend a function taking a half day, sometimes would go to work on a saturday and sunday, on other days would stay late for audits, they would come late on a rainy day with the drenched socks and shoes, the seam of the pant end in the darker color indicating it been in contact with water for a long time. There are somethings we can only understand when we experinece them closely. They never complained once, I haven't seen them say much about increment, KRA, meetings, trainings, follow-up. The corporate they experience maybe was not so competitive,althpugh they had their fair share of competition and couldn't get the desired increment but they kept on going, and they have build a better life for themselves, living the bitter-sweet life and going with the flow. With each passing generation the Salary increase has that exponential raise, making the job market as competitive as ever. 

Thank you the constant support from the few and a heartfelt bow to all those reading this and all the other saturday motivation stories. It has been a brisk walk in a park, not a journey altogether and I am grateful that you have witnessed it. Though there won't be anymore #SATURDAYMOTIVATION stories and I have maintainced a streak of posting the stories for quite a long time. I'm happy to receive all the comments and signing off with a thank you.  


Have we ever thought how easily and with a few words the mute communicate with the people who are able to speak. The power of speech is dominant and helps us to express so much and yet making us vulnerable than the one who can't speak. Precise commuication with gestures is enough for them to convey day-to-day conversations. No paragraph writing or speech giving is required all the time. 


A truly difficult activity for me is of letting go of the connections, the material things, the good about the people. It always gets to a compromised position when people don't smile back or acknowledge the "hi", they have moved on with it. It makes me wonder why the saying goes by as "It's a small world". It is indeed my fault to keep connection string open, just a Con.Close(); would suffice. Knowing a person in one timeframe and then having a conversation with them after a perios of time, makes us realize the changes they have went through and the impact caused. Why do the hope of acknowledgment lives when the thread of connection is broken? Why to even think and dwell on the past? When will I know that I can't carry anymore burden? When would the mind cease with this "WH" interrogators? 

Learning....... 


 Methane, Ethane, Propane, Butane, Pentane, Hexane, Heptane, Octane, Nonane, Decane
 
 The repair-person is here again to fix the door of hope. The person says the door should be unhinged, yet for you I have to be there from time to time. What is the solution to keep the door fixated, I asked. The person replied with a smile  
 
 
 
 Will you miss me when I won't be texting you, wishing me well even though I cease to exist in the human form. Re-read the chat we had and shed tears of regret. Feel annoyed by my stupidity and remember me when you are facing the same situation. Will you order my favourtie item on the McDonald's menu only to recollect how I asked you not to put the straw in the drink first. Visit the lake and stare at the sunset reviving how I used to smile looking at the sunset. Me being in your life didn't made any difference I wish me not being won't gorge out a significant part of yourself. I know you are smart and will handle the situation like a Knight in shining armour.
 
 Will you miss me when I'm no longer here texting you? Even though I cease to exist in human form, would you still wish me well? Will you look back on our conversations and feel a pang of regret or annoyance at my mistakes? Will you remember me when you’re in a similar situation, or perhaps order my favorite McDonald's item and recall how I asked you not to put the straw in the drink first? I hope my absence doesn’t feel like it has taken a significant part of you with it. Even if my presence didn’t make a big difference, I hope my not being there doesn’t carve out a substantial part of you. You are wise and will handle the situation with grace, like a knight in shining armor.
 
 
 Once the age meter crosses the mid 20's things that make you cry list changes drastically, me missing my scheduled train in the morning, not able to complete the deadline, showing up to work even when sick, and anime. I started watching anime maybe from past six years, it's a whole different box of pandora in my point. The power anime has is incredible, one can see the effect instantly, the main character dying is enough to trouble your mental health and keep you weeping for a while. Taking a break to watch the continuous episode just so the mind is prepared for another surprise attack in the series. I remeber crying and unable to stop my tears when my mother asked what on the earth happened? the MCQ options she suggesed didn't match the condition I was in, when I told her the main character died, she just made a scolding face and went another way now she truly sees me as a idiot whoes head is in clouds all the time. 
 
 The journey of railway station to workstation is tourmenting, exhausting, struggle, sacrifice, depressing, the impact is devastating. Fueling engine of life with money is motto of certains life.
 
 There is always someone to teach you a life lesson which enlightens your mind,there were times when I was naive and thinking everything revolves around me. It comes with time where everything seems to be analysed in slow motion by you, because there might be different people but the outcome is possibily going to be the same. Them neglecting my presense, as if I'm the colourful frog whoes errie pattern and dark color are a message to the predator that it is better to say away from this spooky creature. As far as I know I have been people pleaser my whole life, but even I didn't realise where I stopped being one, now my friend is the solitude and worst nightmare is socializing,since it keeps me on my toes making me careful of how I dress? how I speak? how I look? When someone tells me they know someone who is conscious of how they look and I feel have they known me less, even if I spend most of the time with them. All this mixed signals are interpreted as me being a temporary person for others.
 
 
It is a close call now, if I pass this phase with flying colors maybe then can I have more attachment to myself and finally the trust I was searching within. Geeting old has it's perks number one you are inapprocable and interaction minimizes to a certain group. Not all are interested in your crap talk and travel journey, and you have to repeat the line you said just now to register the information in the brain of the person you are having a chat. This is the most lonely I have felt, I really can fall down a railway bridge and into the Arabian Sea, will I still feel alone? Enjoying one's company is a skill to master, I wish this phase just get me to my limits. I am feeling so low, I can cry the moment someone asks me 


My dearest I am aware that I wasn't there to hold your hand in the sad and happy moments always,although I won't trade the time we have cherished together for anything. I am positive about the fact that I am rooting for you, the dreams you have,and the person you are, always. Where ever you are now all I wish for you is happiness, prosperity, health and wealth along with this that beautiful smile of yours stay on your face forever and ever, Amen. Thank you for being a part of my life and showing a way to the world of fiction. Thanks to you I can embrase my writing, though I can't fulfill my promise towards you. I hope I can continue to not disappoint you this time.

We all face hardship and challenges in life, the difference that set us apart is the way we handle them. The sinusodial wave of life is a evidence that landing into a problem is evident, yet taking off smoothly from the runway is the solution we all figure out, keeping the plane of life inside the atmosphere is yet another task. Someone are excellent pilot managing their plane of life like butter, few are learning how to takeoff, and others are learning a perfect landing into the paradise. Is it important to see whoes plane fly higher or is in the highest most part or the traffic control allots a specific band to fly the plane so it doesn't collides with other plane and cause probelm for both? In this ship walk and rat race, do we take a breathe for ourself and wait and ask ourselves, this is what we really what or is there no other option remaining to choose. WE have accepted this vicious life cycle, with the word vicious I remembered that I learnt it from school days and it said "Poverty is a vicious cycle." What a poverty to land in!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revised
Life is filled with hardships and challenges, and what truly sets us apart is how we respond to them. The sinusoidal nature of life reminds us that problems are inevitable; yet, finding a smooth path through them is key. Just as pilots must keep their planes within the atmosphere, we too must navigate our journeys carefully.

Some individuals fly high with remarkable skill, while others are still learning to take off or are striving for a perfect landing. But is it important to compare whose plane flies the highest? Perhaps it's more essential for air traffic control to assign specific paths for each aircraft, preventing collisions and chaos.

In this race we find ourselves in, it’s vital to pause and reflect. Are we truly pursuing what we want, or have we simply run out of alternatives? We often feel trapped in a vicious cycle. I remember learning that "poverty is a vicious cycle," and it's a poignant reminder of how easily we can become ensnared in our struggles.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have no idea till what time can I write. It is difficult to form 
I don't know till what time I will continue to write. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There is so much to learn and so less time reamining, the ticking clock, the Hour glass forms an haunting image in the mind. The hairs are going grey and they don't wanna stay on my head with me. They are teasing me that my head is full of other crap and in pain, hence they are leaving the nursurey to end up in the garbage. The mind and body co-orindation is getting diffult with each passing day, sleep schedule is for weekends. You are promsing to meet someone and both of you are happy when the plan didn't work out because you both enjoyed being in the comfort zone with minimal efforts. Everything has now change and is in process of continuos evolution. It is hard to find motivation and all I'm just feeling bad for myself to have missed so much. All are light years ahead of me and no amount of regreat 
 